ONNX Compat issues with latest skl2onnx (#94647)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql-edge/deploy-onnx.md

onnxmltools.utils.save_model(onnx_model, onnx_model_path)
```

> [!NOTE]

> > You may need to set the target_opset parameter for skl2onnx.convert_sklearn function, if there is a mismatch between ONNX runtime version in SQL Edge and skl2onnx packge. See [SQL Edge Release notes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql-edge/release-notes) to get the ONNX runtime version corresponding for the release and pick the target_opset for ONNX runtime based on the [ONNX backward compatibility matrix](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime/blob/master/docs/Versioning.md#version-matrix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may need to set the `target_opset` parameter for the skl2onnx.convert_sklearn function if there is a mismatch between ONNX runtime version in SQL Edge and skl2onnx packge. For more information, see the [SQL Edge Release notes](release-notes.md) to get the ONNX runtime version corresponding for the release, and pick the `target_opset` for the ONNX runtime based on the [ONNX backward compatibility matrix](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime/blob/master/docs/Versioning.md#version-matrix).
```
